when you're in the regular Navy active duty service, then you're not expected
to travel too much except for when you're on deployment. Now
that I'm in the Navy reserves, they expect me to actually go outside
of my, um, my command every single year. So we have these things called
annual trainings and being in the surge main unit, we actually
go toe five different places. We could go toe Hawaii or Norfolk or
New Hampshire, Japan, Um, and, uh, other small places as well. So for
the most part, they really want you to go toe one place so you can
know the people and get to know your job Well, but as the chief, I
decided to go toe all of those places because, hey, why not? You know,
it's not gonna hurt anything. And I don't actually want to know where
my people are and what they're doing, eh? So that gives me an opportunity
to say I know what all these shipyards are like. I know exactly
where you're going, and I know those people. So, um, I've had
a chance to travel a lot in the Navy reserves